docs: Configuration Pass Through (#112)
cap-js/telemetry: README.md

## Detailed Configuration Options

### Configuration Pass Through

In general, you can influence the configuration of a used module via the respective `config` node in `cds.env.requires.telemetry`.

> For example, it is possible to specify the `temporalityPreference` setting of the metrics exporter in use via:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, it is possible to specify the `temporalityPreference` setting of the respective metrics exporter via:
```
